Aaron Santucci
CS 336
Lab 13

13.1
	A. What benefit did using the React Router bring to the application?

		Variables for web attributes (ae api and poll interval) are better encapsulated.
		Allows easier development of navigatable/multipage websites.

	B. Which is better, hash history or browser history?
	
		Browser history seems to be more widely used because it provides full URL of a request
		Hash history is fine for some things because it's less technical to set up because it isn't set up for different URL routes.

	C. Why does the server (either Webpack Dev Server or the Express server) 
	have to be modified to support the browser history? Compare this with the hash-based 
	server demonstrated in class, which didn't require such modifications.

		Browser history needs to be set up to handle URL's that it is intended to provide.

13.2
	A. What state does the new CommentEdit component maintain and how does that compare with the state maintained by the CommentBox component?
	
		CommentEdit first grabs the previous state of a comment before resetting the states for the comment and authors of the same comment ID independently 
			to the editted version or just deleting the comment.
		CommmentBox takes the comment input in json format before putting it through and setting the state to mounted.

	B. What does the CommentEdit component do when the AJAX PUT or DELETE methods return successfully? How does this compare with what the 
	“Cancel” button provided by the CommentEdit component does?

		After the AJAX calls run successfully it sends the page back to the '/' route.
		The cancel button is also just a link back to the '/' route.

	C. How is the Link added in the last step different from a simple HTML hyperlink?
	
		An HTML hyperlink has different syntax ae: <a href="https://www.aLink.com">Text</a>
		The Link tag we use is a React routing thing used for anchor tag replacement for href that will remain active if the current 
			route is either the linked route or any descendant of the linked route.

13.3
	URL: https://ajs94-lab13.herokuapp.com/