Aaron
CS 336

9.1
	What good has this bundling done? How big is the new bundle file? Check the Chrome DevTools network log to see what files are being loaded.
	
		Bundles the necessary files for the server into one package. The bundle size for bundle.js in the Chrome network
			tab is 8.7 KB.
	
	What role did Babel play in the bundling?
	
		Babel compiles javascript into an assigned version of it.
	
	Can you just load file:///path…/index.html using the browser? Why or why not?
	
		Cannot get app/index.html or dist/index.html
	
	In webpack.config.js, what does the loader test entry test: /\.jsx?$/ do?
	
		Allows you to preprocessing a file as you load it.
		
9.2
	
	Check out the new dist/index.html and dist/bundle.js. How are they different from the previous versions?
	
		The bundle.js file is 1.3 MB now, which is significantly bigger.
	
	What good is it to replace the CDN library loads with module imports?
	
		It makes our design more object oriented by encapsulating the different modules into javascript classes.
	
	Check the network log. How many of the new modules you built are being loaded? How about the CSS file?
	
		None of the new modules are being loaded because the bundle.js file is being loaded for them.
		CSS file (base.css) gets rejected because of an error.
		
9.3

	Try out both ports and explain the difference between them.
		localhost:3001 — Try editing one of the React module files. Explain what happens, both to the displayed SPA webpage and to the bundle/index files.
		localhost:3000 — Try loading /api/comments. Explain what you get. Does the SPA page running on this port change (due to the edits made above) as well?
		
			The dev page reloads code when it's edited but leaves port 3000 running even with broken code. 
			/api/comments is a page of JSON of the messages left. Changes can be made dynamically on this page and applied to the actual webpage.
		
	Is it worth all this trouble to build a development configuration?
	
		It's worth it to be able to alter a webpage dynamically without having to shut it down temporarily.
	